[keyboard] add new keyboard zoom pad (#21615)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/meletrix/zoom_pad/readme.md

# zoom_pad

Meletrix's first mass-produced mechanical keyboard.
More Info at [zoom_pad](https://meletrix.com/).

* Keyboard Maintainer: [spbgzh](https://github.com/spbgzh)
* Hardware Supported: zoom65 Standard
* Hardware Availability: [zoom_pad](https://meletrix.com/)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make meletrix/zoom_pad:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make meletrix/zoom_pad:default:flash

> To reset the board into bootloader mode, do one of the following:
> 
> * Tap the Reset switch mounted on the PCB
> * Hold the Esc key while connecting the USB cable (also erases persistent settings)
> 
> See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

## Bootloader

Enter the bootloader in 3 ways:

* **Bootmagic reset**: Hold down the key at (0,0) in the matrix (the top left key) and plug in the keyboard
* **Physical reset button**: Briefly press the button on the PCB
* **Keycode in layout**: Press the key mapped to `QK_BOOT` if it is available
```
